Add Kyma upgrade pipeline on kind (#1831)
kyma-project/test-infra: docs/prow/README.md

- [Install and manage monitoring](./prow-monitoring.md) on a Prow cluster.
- [Create, modify, and remove component jobs using templates](./manage-component-jobs-with-templates.md) for the Prow pipeline.
- [Update](./prow-cluster-update.md) a Prow cluster.

> - [Run kind jobs manually](./kind-jobs.md) on local environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Run kind jobs manually](./kind-jobs.md) in a local environment.
```
